---
title: Hello there
date: "2022-09-04"
description: "Back from a hiatus, maybe?"
writingtime: "10 minutes"
tags:
  - break
---

So, I'm finally back after a break. As I have ADHD, I tend to drop things and hyperfocus on only certain aspects in my life. I've always been like this but it took me a long while to realize that it's even happening.

If our home needs cleaning (it always does), I might spend a few days just doing the laundry without touching any of our dishes. If our dishes needs doing, I'll wash them over a couple of days but not take out the trash. The same pattern happens with almost everything I do and it's not great really.

For the past few weeks I've been bogged down with tiny tasks at work. Time-wise, they don't amount to that much but just the mere existence of these tasks cause me the inability to further any other tasks in my life.

We had our wedding last month, which means I haven't really gotten much else done this whole past year haha. Apart from that, I've just enjoyed some quiet time, playing video games, making a tiny bit of music and working on some other smaller side projects. One of which is the wedding photos website, which I'm rather proud of actually!

Now that I'm back in working mode, I'll try to keep my head above the water and work on my website amongst other things and build that into more of a routine. Maybe it'll help?

Anyways, this was just a quick check-in. I'm still alive and well. Life is good as Vesku would always say.